 The last meeting  

When the barking of the dogs got louder, she knew it was him. She, who was laying at the edge of a sheep pen, with her chin touching the collar of Chara,(a sheep-wool-woven blanket) and staring at the starry sky of the night, had been waiting for him for a long time.
Usually, she would fall asleep as she waited for him; and when the fierce barking awoke her, she knew he was there. Tonight, however, she waited staring at the brightly twinkling stars that stretched endlessly over the nightly sky. She worried that he might never come tonight, for the waiting felt like an eternal! She feared that he knew everything and was not coming. 
She quickly slipped out of the Chara and walked toward the direction of the barking. In the darkness of the night, she scared the dogs away by an act of throwing a stone— bending down to the ground and raising her hand in the air. Then, she received the figure who was approaching. Without greeting or hugging, they quietly went to the bed made at  the edge of the sheep pen. 
As soon as they cocooned in the warm bed, after hurling his Chupa over the Chara, she wrapped her arms around his neck tightly, buried her face in his bosom and started to cry. He didn’t ask her what was wrong, instead held her tight under his chin like he never wanted to let her go. Thus he kept her under his chin for a long time, staring in the darkness of the night without almost blinking. Her crying gradually became a quiet sob; and her shoulders shook as she sobbed. He still didn’t say a word but kept her in his arms. He didn’t know what to say to comfort her. 
 “We can’t make it. we…” she  said this clueless piece of sentence. However, as if she couldn’t bear it, she held his neck tighter and cried again for a while. Then, as an explanation, when she continued “my family is sending me..’’, he said “I have heard everything” and took a deep sigh. For two times, he repeated “I guess we have no karmic relation. I guess we have no karmic relation’’ and kept staring at the darkness of the midnight. He held her under his chin who was shaking with the sobbing. He sighed over and over but uttered no word.  
 “Let’s run away.” She suddenly said, drawing her face from his bosom and looking up at his face. And then as though someone was pushing her, she quickly continued: “The reason why I haven’t let you have me until now is that I didn’t want you to think I am an easy girl. I was lying when I said I didn’t want you. If I hadn’t wanted you, would I have let you sleep in my blanket in the first place. I love you. Let’s run away to Lhasa or China. Yes, if we run away to India, we will be able to spend the rest of our lives together.” She said all of it in almost a single breath. He only took another longer sigh and said nothing. 
 “What? You think we won’t survive in the land of far away? We can sell my turquoises and agates that I am wearing around my neck. I love you with all my heart. I don’t want to go to the far-away place and be the wife of a man whose face I haven’t even seen.” She once again pressed her face to his chest and began to cry. He exhaled another long breath through his nose; and putting his large hands on her back, he drew her harder to his chest, like he wanted to put her whole being in his heart.  
 “Say something. Let’s run away. Didn’t you tell me you love me?” After a few minutes, she asked him, again looking at his face. 
 “I also thought so’’ said he, “when I first heard the news of you being given away. But, what will happen to my mother if I run away? She single-handedly reared me. And how can I desert her after becoming independent? She has nobody but me” With another deep sigh, he stopped. For a long time neither of them spoke. 
 “I will fulfill your wish tonight’’ she said, as if she remembered something, “this is our last meeting. Tonight I insisted to watch the sheep or father would have sent my brother. I think he knows about our relationship. Both my body and heart belong to you tonight and savor them in whatever way you wish. It’s my wish as well.” In the gloom of the night, it’s impossible to see the expression of her face, but the tone of her voice was full of love, bitterness, resentment and despair. 
Thus, on that night of twinkling stars, she plucked the first petal of the flower of her youth and offered it to him. And he sadly accepted it. It was such an incredible happiness and pain!
 When dawn broke, he picked up the Chupa from Chara and girdled it. She scared away the dogs and saw him off where she received him earlier the same night. They walked in silence. Long after his shadowy figure disappeared, she stood there looking in the direction he took, like she was expecting him to reappear. 
The next night, he once again came to the edge of the sheep pen and waited for a long time. But nobody came to scare away the dogs. He returned home with heavy steps. After a few months, she really did go away. And then, not a few weeks passed before his mother suddenly got ill and passed away. 